README.md, before:

# xlunch
Graphical app launcher for X, using pure Xlib and Imlib2. It allows you to run a program by clicking its icon. Alternatively
you can just type any command using your keyboard. UTF8 is supported.
The Run commandline also works as a filter for the icons, as long as the title or command matches, icon is visible.

![Screenshot](/../Screenshot/screenshot.png?raw=true "Screenshot")

![Screenshot](/../Screenshot/screenshot2.png?raw=true "Screenshot")


**Commandline options:**

    -r         use root window's background image
               Fails if your root window has no image set
    -g [file]  Image to set as background (jpg/png)
    -m [i]     margin (integer) specifies margin in pixels between icons
    -p [i]     padding (integer) specifies padding inside icons in pixels
    -b [i]     border (integer) specifies spacing border size in pixels
    -i [i]     icon size (integer) in pixels
    -c [file]  path to config file which describes titles, icons and commands.
    -n         Disable fullscreen
    -t [i]     Top position (integer) in pixels for the Run commandline
    -x [text]  String to display instead of 'Run: '
    -f [name]  font name including size after slash, for example: DejaVuSans/10


**Format of config file (default is /etc/xlunch/icons.conf) is:**

    title;icon_path;cmd
    title;icon_path;cmd
    title;icon_path;cmd
    title;icon_path;cmd


**Compile:**

    gcc xlunch.c -o xlunch -lImlib2 -lX11 -lXcursor


Config file can be generated by ./genconf > /etc/xlunch/icons.conf

Best practice is when you have a keyboard shortcut to start xlunch, such as Alt+F2
Or have a button in taskbar to run it.

To start xlunch on i3wm for example, add this line to ~/.i3/config:

    bindsym $mod+F2 exec /usr/bin/xlunch

Commit message:

kiosk mode (option to disable command prompt)

README.md, after:

# xlunch
Graphical app launcher for X, using pure Xlib and Imlib2. It allows you to run a program by clicking its icon. Alternatively
you can just type any command using your keyboard. UTF8 is supported.
The Run commandline also works as a filter for the icons, as long as the title or command matches, icon is visible.

![Screenshot](/../Screenshot/screenshot.png?raw=true "Screenshot")

![Screenshot](/../Screenshot/screenshot2.png?raw=true "Screenshot")


**Commandline options:**

    -r         use root window's background image
               Fails if your root window has no image set
    -g [file]  Image to set as background (jpg/png)
    -m [i]     margin (integer) specifies margin in pixels between icons
    -p [i]     padding (integer) specifies padding inside icons in pixels
    -b [i]     border (integer) specifies spacing border size in pixels
    -i [i]     icon size (integer) in pixels
    -c [file]  path to config file which describes titles, icons and commands.
    -n         Disable fullscreen
    -t [i]     Top position (integer) in pixels for the Run commandline
    -x [text]  String to display instead of 'Run: '
    -f [name]  font name including size after slash, for example: DejaVuSans/10
    -k         kiosk mode, disable Run prompt, allow user to only run by icon


**Format of config file (default is /etc/xlunch/icons.conf) is:**

    title;icon_path;cmd
    title;icon_path;cmd
    title;icon_path;cmd
    title;icon_path;cmd


**Compile:**

    gcc xlunch.c -o xlunch -lImlib2 -lX11 -lXcursor


Config file can be generated by ./genconf > /etc/xlunch/icons.conf

Best practice is when you have a keyboard shortcut to start xlunch, such as Alt+F2
Or have a button in taskbar to run it.

To start xlunch on i3wm for example, add this line to ~/.i3/config:

    bindsym $mod+F2 exec /usr/bin/xlunch
